Mr. Meador had been executive vice president of Balcor .
Shearson is about 60%-held by American Express Co .
Manville is a building and forest products concern .
Mr. Percival declined to comment .
The results were in line with analysts ' expectations .
The drug was introduced in West Germany this year .
Confectionery products sales also had strong growth in the quarter .
Sales of Prozac , an anti-depressant , led drug-sales increases .
Trouble was , nobody thought they looked right .
Is such a view justified ?
About 20,000 years ago the last ice age ended .
Jocelyn Tomkin Astronomy Department University of
The IRS hopes to fill the new positions soon .
More enemies to be dealt with .
The woman had nearly died .
Yet he has proved more resilient than any of them .
`` He has mastered the art of survival . ''
`` The Americans have left him without a way out .
Satisfying its interests was a priority for any Panamanian leader .
`` Noriega managed the whole thing .
Noriega was an expert at bribing and blackmailing people . ''
Even at this early stage , drugs caused additional concerns .
`` Everybody was afraid of him , '' Mr. Ingersoll says .
The U.S. soon found new cause for concern : gun-running .
And the investigators were quickly closing in on Mr. Noriega himself .
It was a Friday in June .
The Pentagon foiled the plan .
Prosecutors in Miami received yet another setback .
`` Briggs screamed , '' Mr. Windsor recalls .
Yet , his political setbacks mounted .
Mr. Noriega was growing desperate .
Mr. Noriega 's proposal was turned down .
The end of the marriage was at hand .
Few American officials were willing any longer to defend him .
President Bush has sworn to bring him to justice .
It is a knock-out battle -- perhaps to the death .
Not quite , Sen. Leahy contends .
Measures of manufacturing activity fell more than the overall measures .
Output of business equipment was unchanged in September .
Some economists expect further declines in investment spending .
The figures are seasonally adjusted .
142.3 % of the 1977 average .
NESB is also the parent of Omnibank .
A higher proportion of black men smoke than white men .
The volatility was dizzying for traders .
This is a tough market . ''
They 're just as confused . ''
Trading activity cooled off from Monday 's sizzling pace .
Share turnover subsided to 161.5 million .
Advancing and declining issues finished about even .
One big technology issue , Novell , rode the roller coaster .
It was a jarring day for investors in Genetics Institute .
Price Co. jumped 2 1\/4 to 44 on 1.7 million shares .
Its shares added 3\/4 to 30 3\/4 .
A&W Brands lost 1\/4 to 27 .
Capital Associates dropped 1 to 5 3\/8 .
The post had been vacant for more than a year .
Mr. Jelenic had been executive vice president for operations .
John Wilpers resigned as editor in chief .
Michael Applebaum resigned after less than a year in the posts .
Ms. Clifton had been executive financial assistant to the chairman .
Old Environmentalism involved microbe hunters and sanitationists .
Most public-health measures were handled at the local level .
Mr. Ehrlich predicted unprecedented famine by 1980 .
Local pollution problems require cheap energy and capital for their solution .
Harry Lee Smith Alpharetta , Ga .
This leads to a very special sense of urgency .
No , we are not overreacting .
Thomas E. Lovejoy Assistant Secretary for External Affairs Smithsonian Institution
Third-quarter revenue was flat at $ 1.02 billion .
Revenue was flat at about $ 2.97 billion .
PepsiCo closed at $ 58.50 a share , up $ 1.375 .
A spokesman for GE Capital declined to comment .
GE Capital has a working relationship with L.J. Hooker .
The jewelery chain was put up for sale in June .
The one-hour program will be repeated with updates throughout Saturday mornings .
`` We do n't need cartoons anymore .
He succeeds Everett Meyers , who resigned in May .
This is not nearly good enough .
Charles G. Moertel M.D . Mayo Clinic Rochester , Minn .
There was no cost estimate for the second phase .
Both said the new plan would n't work .
It must be accepted by the court . ''
That deadline has been extended once and could be extended again .
HOPES OF SIMPLIFYING the corporate minimum tax before 1990 are weakening .
THE IRS DELAYS several deadlines for Hugo 's victims .
The notice also grants relief for certain estate-tax returns .
IRS Revenue Procedure 89-52 describes the reporting requirements .
The move largely consigns them to roads used by motorized vehicles .
Most other states have enacted similar bans .
The bikes are unwelcome on trails in national parks .
`` I think we 're making progress . ''
But stocks later recovered , erasing most of their early declines .
But the Fed move was a small gesture , traders said .
In major market activity : Treasury bond prices fell .
`` Step up to the plate and take the big swing .
He expects Citicorp to take a similar step this year .
Three other major U.S. banks posted earnings increases .
Analysts were only slightly disappointed by Citicorp 's numbers .
Earnings from the bank 's global consumer business grew 27 % .
